hello very good to all guys and girls
We are here in a video after another
a few days what good been bundled with the
theme of my graduation and you know it
they finish the studies and in the end the only thing
who wants to go out there and not
step on your house but today I come to bring you
a little surprise that they gave me that
Saturday of my graduation is worth and was that
suddenly and a half I came and my
grandfather with a huge box and did not know
exactly what it was and good has arrived
to the channel to stay
chan chan playstation 4 as it has been
a big surprise truth for me is the
hairs version to 500 gigabytes of
memory and has no game worth
good normal not at 24 and I told my
grandfather grandfather and the games and he says that I
did so with the most telling and the
true that really there is no game
but well I have left today apart
because I have not been able to open it until today
I can install it until today and I wanted it
when I saw when I did the unboxing
when there was everything for the first time
although there is a lot of ps4 boxing
it was a moment that was calm
to also be able to share it with
you are worth and good today I have left with
the intention to buy metal gear solid
five cruises for ps4 since I
I always wanted to play on that platform
ok not in xbox I bought it to get out of
but I always wanted to play it in
ps4 is worth it and I went out to look for it but
I found myself on the road for another
cosilla that cost me ten euros more
that apparently was in liquidation
as you see infamous second are edition
collector I found this one
edition at 40 euros in a store of
neighborhood of my good girlfriend of the town yo
I say neighborhood is worth but a town and
nothing the truth that is pretty cool and
I make a kind of jacket for
save the game some badges and such and I
what better way than to inaugurate my new
ps4 than with a collector's edition
so nothing guys are we going to do in a
boxing of all this and I'm going to ride it
italy let's try this title keys
that I have enough desire within
intro graphics
ok guys, this would be the little box
the coated is worth of this new circulation
with the logo here of the fifa world cup
of Brazil's World Cup and good is a
Curious little thing that I have been told and
is that if I have the optical fiber of ono
apparently they give you a year of ps 4
ok this would be just the box like
you see and well but here codes italy and
here has the next ones good what
it has already come out next is not really
because all this has already come out and well what
that makes us think that it is the last
baking vale is not from the first ps4
that they manufactured what I like worth
because always the first ones tend to have
defects I hope that at least one
do not spoil me is with time and
good here we would have as you see this is
The first thing you see, I'm going to take it apart
everything with a little more care here
we have the damn
I win I can not get at least
to show it on the screen what good
this command really I do not like it okay no
it's a command that I like but it 's more
nice that ps3's worth not me
I will surely buy many shooters
for this console only those who see
which are exclusive vouchers or have
any significant difference with
regarding the one version but
normally for example the destiny
although it has more exclusivity is in this
machine if the villares surely for
water simply by the command is worth it if
moves at the same frame rate and the
same resolution as the resolution I
it gives a little bit what the thing that
I really like this little button that
seem to send captures or something like that
said and good what castle the triggers
I also love it because you
I will cane with the pse with sun and I hope
to also be able to catch me soon the
bruno zeros
the shadow ford although I did not like it either
a lot but as I do not have any
game to spend I need lean amount
would be the catalog and nothing here we have
also the cables I think
and this will not be so
It's good as you see, I followed the cables
to load remember that the one
it was with batteries so that one step back
although I made a small observation
at the time but it's really a
step back it's worth it because I with the command
of ps3 although I do not like the design the
The fact of having a battery is much better
good here the usb and such is pretty
brief what is the pack and now we go
to take out the machine and let's see it
also more in detail worth kids
well here we would have the ps4 as you see
there the two usb is the reader seems very
nice the design and apart more managed
is worth one and I mentioned it in his
moment that was quite ugly is worth to me
look good though the console is not
wrong but the design makes one and the entrance
hdmi and another usb is that this plate that the
it's really good enough to be able to
put vinyl and other I like me
like lateral for the fabric of the
fans and now let's open what
What is it
the game that I bought that mess
of boxes I have there
infamous second they have cost me 40
eurillos a neighborhood store I do not know if
you can find cheap you can
find directly by some area
but nothing wanted I wanted this pack
thank goodness they have not given me the
version is that it takes the game because
I did get it, I wanted to have this
version is worth good here we have enough
quick ok this is simply the hat
of the protagonist
a plate for the belt seems to be
another sheet plus a coin sorry sheet metal
not with the act are pins worth pins for
put them in your wallet or wherever you want
and then here is that pretty cool the
truth becomes that way not because of what
cost the truth I'm not going to
complain vale is quite original either
is the work of the slag so
say it in terms of issues but it's
quite original the box as you see
change everything
you try chula the truth is original and
good the box because this also changes
ok I'm going to open the already had removed
the plastic and this is the first box of
ps 4 that I will have the truth is that yes
it's pretty we go in the line of all the
boxes that are coming out now again
generation is worth two pamphlets here with
the tlc yes little more and good to kids
Well now it's going to touch me this summer ok
was still game will start to give
food to what is the ps4 and good the
next game to catch is
it will surely be with a zero because it was
the one who was looking for and apart
I also want to see if the killzone is
cheap also to catch what's worth
because I do not know how I feel like playing
some shooter also in this console and
nothing to see if I like this title worth
I'm not a fan of the infamous anymore
I have said it but I have also been
talked very well about him and I'm going to give him a
opportunity is worth it because not so nothing
guys, I hope you liked this one
a revealing boxing and favorite likes
subscribe and until next time
goodbye